Day something.. or the other
Another day, another bodyguard job. Beats polishing my sword at least.
Have to watch over this stupid merchant." Yada, yada, yada I'm going to sell so much at this festival yada, yada". He talks too much 
As long as he pays up, I couldn't care less. Kor is calling, so I better wrap this up.
- Ragna


1st of Autumnas
Tomorrow we go to the Spring Festival to sell our crops and firewood. Papa will be going, as well as my little brother.
Nobody better stare at my ears or my eyes. Everything's so boring here, I wish something would happen, I don't even care what at this 
point.No matter what it is, it'll be better than farm life
-Janier

Dear Diary!
Tomorrow I'll be heading into town! According to the people I played for at the last bar, there's going to be a festival there!
I can't wait! I'll sing and dance, and everyone will sit and listen. I bet none of them have heard my type of music before!
Nothing can go wrong tomorrow, I just know it!
-Fuschia


Our story begins the typical way, which is to say quite untypcial for people's daily lives. There was a festival, a time for merriment
and joy, to sell goods. In the boring life of a farmer, almost anything can be seen as an event. There had been talk of some thief 
prowling around, the Red Hood as they were called, so some guards were at hand to watch out for any troublemakers. What would occur, 
however, was beyond the belief of anyone there. A bandit attack! How could something like this happen in such a sleepy, boring town? 
People panicked and ran as the vile curs ran amuck. In the chaos, three individuals would prove their mettle. The first was a merchant's
guard, who may have only thoughthe was doing his job. The second was a farmer's adopted daughter who was protecting her family. The third
a humble bard, who stayed and sang as those twice her size ran for the hills. The bandits were routed, and eventually fled but not 
without taking a grim toll


Things're fucked.
What the hell! I had a handle on things, but then that thrice-damned idiot went and shoved the merchant straight into a sword.
That's not even the hard part of being a guard! They don't even bother telling you that since 'don't kill your patron' is probably the
most obvious of obvious rules when it comes to guarding. Now I'm out of a job AND I've got people wanting to kill me
-Ragna


2nd of Autumnas
How could this all have happened?! It was supposed to be just another day; go to the festival, sell some goods, then come back to the
farm and eat dinner before going back to the routine. But bandits attacked! Actual bandits! Aren't they supposed to stay out in the
woods? What do we even have that they would want? At least I managed to protect my brother and some wheat dude.
- Janier

Dear Diary!
Today was not what I expected at all! I was playing to the crowds (and they all loved me), when I got into a tussle with a thief! He was
quite rude, and I recognized him from posters... he was the Red Hood! He even tried to frame me for something! And before that was taken 
care of, bandits attacked! But with the power of teamwork, me and some others drove them off! This might be the start of something amazing!
- Fuschia


Alas our heroes toil was to go unnoticed by the world at large (at least for now). While they had shown great fortitude in overcoming 
the bandits who had attacked the festival, they were not able to be immediately identified as the paragons of justice that they were.
A set of tests were declared, the winners of which would be lauded as champions of the realm as set to vanquish evil wherever it may
rear its ugly head. But our heroes would not be selected, indeed, it was another group that was marked for glory. Perhaps the fates 
themselves intervened; for if these unsung nobles had embarked on this path, so much may not have occurred, to te detriment of our great
realm. But Lo!their inner might was recognized by a elderly man named Aldrich, who gave them their first heroic task: to retrieve an item
of great importance from whence it had been stolen. On their way to to retrieve said artifact, they were set upon by a cowardly bandit, 
one of the Brashers who had attacked them not a few days before. Showcasing their might once more, they subdued the treacherous bandit 
and restrained him, not willing to be deterred from their glorious task. Into a dark cave they went, and in what would prove to merely 
the first of many brave acts, put rest their fears and divided into groups to faster find the artifact. Fuschia the bard slipped into a
side crevice and nimbly made her way through devious slimes, whilst Janier and Ragna made their way thought the larger cave. Eventually 
the three regrouped, but not before having to vanquish scaled beasts that seemed to be loading crates, no doubt for some nefarious deeds. 
They reclaimed the artifact, called "Rupert" by Aldrich, and made their way out of the cave, unbroken but not unscathed.

What the hell.
We were sent to find a stuffed rabbit. A. Stuffed. Rabbit. WE NEARLY DIED TO FRICKIN' SLIMES TO FIND A STUFFED RABBIT.
If Aldrich doesn't give us some great reward, I swear I might cut his head off myself.
-Ragna

5th of Autumnas
I can't believe all that happened. Not only did we encounter one of the Brashers (and cut his damn arms off, that'll teach them to
attack helpless villagers), but we were attacked by slimes and some sort of scaly... things. WE got the old man's stuffed toy back, 
but why was he so desperate to reclaim it in the first place?
-Janier

Dear Diary,
I am starting to think that some of my companions are angrier than is healthy. But I'm still sure that they're good people!
We managed to get an old man's doll back for him, away from the clutches of some terrible monsters! I'm sure he'll be very grateful
and even if he isn't, it's always good to do nice things!
-Fuschia


Shortly after completing their first noble deed, our champions three would meet another group that would join them in their heroic travel
s. A barbarian woman, trained in the savage, yet frighteningly effective warfare of her people; a druid, blessed with an inquistive mind
that had been cast out by the academy for his love of nature; and a simple farmer's son, who preached peace at every turn. Together, they
would be more effective that ever. Returning to the city of Armden, they sought out Aldrich, to return to him what had been stolen away.
Before they could meet with him, however, their attentions were stolen away by a grand procession. It was the Sapphire Knights, the 
realm's protectors, who declared they had captured vile Brashers who had managed to slay one of their own. While some of the party made 
their way to the front, the crowd parting for them as if recognizing their importance, others chose to remain afar, content to let the 
crowd see the Queen's jusice. Alas, it was if a cruel joke. The so-called slain Sapphire Knight was none other than the Brasher the 
original trio has subdued before, and the so-called Brashers were innocent villagers, amongst them Janier's father. Forced to watch as
they were executed, righteous fury burnt in the hearts of our adventurers, and they swore to set these deeds right. Shortly after the 
execution,Janier was able to exchange last words with her father, and the group set out to find Aldrich once more. Their nobility was 
evidenced once more as Ragna aided a young waitress named Marla with the burial of her brother, another vicitm of the Sapphire Knight's
false justice. With the return of Rupert, Aldrich sensed the touch of destiny on these six heroes, and bade them proceed to the town of 
Janno, where he promised they would receive the answers they seeked. Indeed, Aldrich was so inspired by them that he lent them aid and 
tools of his own free will and bade them good fortune.
The path of Janno would not be smooth however, no sooner had out six heroes left Armden than they were set upon by Jax, a traitorous 
former friend to Ragna, who had thrown his lot in with the vile Brashers. Johnny attempted peace, but with their hearts filled with malice 
the Brashers set upon out heroes unprovoked. It was only with their skill and might that our heroes prevailed, whereupon they treated 
even the bandit dead with the respect that they deserved. Knowing that they would not feel proper with the Brashers on the loose, they
managed to track down the den of the horrible Brashers. Down they went, into the bowels of the earth, eventually falling upon the horde
of the self-declared "Ser" Felix Darell. Their could be no other outcome than their glorious victory, once again, and as they surveyed
the site of their victory, perhaps that is when they first felt the stirrings of their great destiny.

How many headaches am I going to have?
We returned the damned doll to Aldrich, but in return we picked up three hanger-ons. Two of them at least seem like they can fight, but 
the last one seems kind of useless. I'm pretty sure he stole from various people, as well as the dead. Oh yeah, can't forget that,
looks like random people are getting executed for supposedly being part of the Brashers. Seems like Janier knew one of them pretty well,
as did Marla... helped her put her brother to rest as well. 
I guess I shouldn't be complaining about the new guys, since Janier has turned out to be a psychopath! We put down that coward Jax, and
then she decides to skin his damn face! I'm starting to think I never should have come along on this adventure, although at least I got
to put a bandit lord in his place. The barbarian was useful in that, seems she can really fight.
-Ragna

5th of Autumnas,
Why did they kill my daddy? He did nothing wrong! He was just a humble farmer... And they claimed that damned bandit was a Sapphire Knight, 
when he was just scum. I will have answers. Nothing makes sense. Aldrich has promised answers if we go the port town of Janno, so that 
is where we will go.
We have a couple of new companions now. If they can fight, they can come along. One of them doesn't look like he can fight but at least 
he managed to raise some money for the horse. I will have my revenge everyone involved with my father's death. I have started with the 
one called Jax
-Janier

Dear Diary,
What are the knights of the realm doing?! They're supposed to help people, not brutalize them! Nothing makes sense. At least we managed
to get Aldrich's doll back for him. He seemed pretty grateful, but then insisted we take Rupert back and to some town called Janno.
I'm a bit unsure, but I know everything will work out!
-Fuschia

Johnny's Log
Managed to get far enough away from the farm today. I'm sure Lou and the others won't go this far to get back ~their~ I mean our cash.
It's not like I stole it. I just liberated it for a better purpose, me. Joined up with a couple of a barbarian lunkhead and some tree-hugger.
They're idiots, but the barbarian happens to be an awfully STRONG idiot, best play along for now. Met up with another group of ~fools~
good pals. Hung around with them long enough to pick some pockets and 'borrow' some cash from some criminals who got the axe (not like 
they'll need it). Not only that, managed to scam some senile greybeard out of a nice bag! Wins all around.
Might have to watch some things though, looks like the elfy girl has a couple of screws loose. She tried to shake me down for a horse.
And then later she skinned some guy! What the fuck! There's gonna be benefits for hanging around though, they took down some "bandit king" 
and I knocked him upside the head. Bandits always got choice loot and I'm gonna make him spill the beans.

Experimental journal entry #207
The fools at the academy kicked my out simply because they refused to recognize my genius at fusing the natural world with the works of
men. Can't they see all the potential in the world around them? No matter, I am sure that my work shall prove my right in the long run.
For a while, I traveled with a woman from the wilds, and some lout from the countryside. He thinks he is much cleverer than he actually
is. I have since met up with another group of travelers and we agreed to join forces.
Alas, the town of Armden did not have the reagents I was seeking, but no matter, we were asked to travel to the city of Janno where
they will no doubt have more supplies. On our way there, one of our companions seems to have become psychotic, a shame. We decided to 
waylay our journey to teach our so-called "ambushers" a lesson. We gave them a dusting they shan't be forgetting soon.
-Jacques


Day 23 since leaving the clan,
I've been travelling through the wilds for some time now. Decided to join up with some town dwellers to get a better lay of the land.
First group wasn't much of anything special. A shifty weasel and someone who called themselves an "ahcahdemec". Whatever that is.
We were attacked by some kind of scaled vermin, and as one of them cowered, myself and the ahcahdemec sent the others fleeing. Joined
up with another group that seems to have at least one capable fighter.
For some reason, my new companions agreed to fulfill some old man's request. Might as well go along. One of ours seems quite driven now,
something must have happened at that big gathering. If it helps her fight, then good. We took down some fools who dared challenge us,
then found their dwelling place and defeated their chieftain. It was a simple fight, my axe longs for something greater.
- Mira


Having prevailed against the sinister Darell, our new group of six went about to discover the secrets of the bandit hideout. With their
infinite cleverness, the discovered that this was once a hideaway for the forgotten race known as the gnomes. Books could be written 
about these mysterious people. but one factor that should be made clear is their knowledge of the arcane. Upon solving one of their 
clever riddles, the halfling Fuschia opened a passageway to a mystical site filled with strange orbs. Thinking quickly, the
learned druid Jacques attempted to carry as many of these orbs as possible. Alas, he and his companions could only gather so many before
the trickster Darrell took advantage of the vast and open hearts of Ragna and Johnny to escape and set in motion a series of deadly traps.
With their lives in peril due to the bandit lord's trickery, the group managed to discover a secret passageway that led outside of
the doomed room. Steeling their hearts, the six heroes travelled deep in the forgotten home of the gnomes before, by some decision of 
fate, chancing upon Darell once more, who had gathered up the worst of his cruel band. A deadly fight seemed imminent, when what should 
awaken but an ancient guardian of the land. An earthen elemental arose, and in its rage attacked both villain and hero alike. A foolish 
Brashed who deemed  himself a martial artist attempted to wrestle with the beast, but his foolishness would prove to be his undoing. 
Another vile assassin,thise one known and feared far and wide as Poison Katie sought to strike down our heroes, but with nary a second 
thought, Mira the barbarian struck her down where she stood, a mighty act that would be but the first of many. Darell fled, no doubt 
hoping that he summoned beast would end our heroes for him, but luckily it was not meant to be. Realizing the beast's weakness to water,
as well as the magical properties of the orbs that Jacques had absconded with, the six felled the confused guardian, and even took its 
head as trophy. But their victories were not to end there. By some means, the gnomish people had hidden a phantasmal library in their 
rocky domain, and with heightened reflexes, the heroes managed to recover one of their great tomes.

Bruised but not beaten, the six left the cavern of death in hot pursuit of Felix Darrell. Alas, even the mightiest must take a rest once 
in a while, and eventually the fatigue from thie great deeds caught up with them. Finding a secluded grove, our heroes set to rest,
appointing a system of watches to guard against the night.These watches would prove to be indispensible. Throughout the night bandits 
attacked out heroes, although all were driven away quite easily, our heroes quite used to such dangers by now. It seemed it would be a
typical night (for great adventurers such as they) when the  unbelievable happened. 
Out of the woods came beasts not seen by the common man. Goblinoids scurried out with bow and arrow, as well as primitive axes in an
attempt to slay our heroes and steal away their mysterious orbs, no doubt aware of their great destiny. They were led by a cloacked 
lizard, terrible in its maleveolence. The fight that ensued was a heroic brawl, and it seemed to be nearly over when the scaled beast 
cast terrible magic and fused the goblins together. The composite beast leaked acid from wounds and constantly  regenerated, but even 
this was nothing in front of the chosens' combined might. Calling upon their own artifacts, they countered the evils that animated the 
felshy abomination. Having bested its servant, the group turned to vanquish the sorcerous creature, which  attempted to warp their minds
with foul magicks. It failed, of course, and was made to flee without taking any of its precious orbs.


The harrowing fight had taken a toll on our noble group, and their druid was felled in an unconscious state. Mira claimed to have some
knowledge of how to heal him, and left win a hurry, carrying her wounded companion along. But his sacrifice had not been made in vain, 
of the remaining four, two felt new power coursing through their veins. Having been exposed to the mysteries of the world, they shed 
their previous limitations and were all the stronger. The foul beast had attempted to weaken them, but had foolishly caused the exact 
opposite!
Trusting that their vanished companions find them once more, the four traversed the dense forest separating Janno from the rest of the 
Dominion. They were set upon by its dangers, included a mysterious spiked arrow, but were aided by the appearance of one of the legendary
Tory trackers, who guided them throught the dark forest and directed them to seek out an apothecary named Bannard Cain.
Once through, the four were greeted with a strangely empty countryside. Stopping at one of the few houses that were lit, their inner
goodness shown through, and they were let in by the (mistakenly) suspicious elderly farmer. In their kindness they asked what had led to
the depleted nature of the farms and were told it was due to cruel raiding from an unknown doe. Grieving together with the distressed 
farmer(a man named Samson), they swore that they would return his missing friends and family, or perish in the attempt.
Making their way to the gates of Janno, the four would be quetioned by the guard before being let through, being alerted that their
passage was due to them being marked as tax collectors for the Dominion. Isadore, a guardswoman who would become well-known to them
in the future was chosen as their guide, and she lef them through the city to Bannard Cain's apothecary. 
At the apothecary's, they would find a most surprising site, the medicine man was locked in conversation with the leader of the Sapphire
Knights who had presided over the false execution. Janier would chase her down and demand answers, not getting them but being promised 
aid in an attempt at penance for the death of her father. Cain himself would claim to be an ally to the heroes, and called them guardians
of the essence of Ezra, and asked for their aid against the dominion. For both sides to prove themselves, he offered his help, as well as
told them of tasks that the could undertake for the rebels, known as the Proleterian Guard. Furthermore, he warned them of the Domnion's 
silent killers, group known as the Silent Whispers.
Upon leaving the apothecary's the four would see none other than Felix Darrell conversing with some strange figures. Giving chase, the
four were split into two due to their unfamiliarity with the twisting streets of Janno. Ragna and Johnny confonted Darrell as Janier and
Fuschia were lost amongst the alleyways. Alas, the hunters were to become the hunted, as Darrell seemed to spring an ambush on those
who confonted him. All was not as it seemed, however, as Darrell claimed that both groups were in great danger, from no less than the 
Silent Whispers

A woman dressed in strange garb, along with a terrifying fighter, an armored dwarf, and other ruffians of ill intent closed in on our
interpred heroes. Threatening them with violence, Johnny's peaceful nature shone through once more as he attempted to diffuse the 
situation; alas it was not meant to be, so filled with cruelty were the Silent Whispers. A fight seemed imminent, and talented as they were,
doom seemed to be coming for some of the band.
But it was not meant to be! By a stroke of luck, Jacques and Mira had managed their own way to Janno and guided by their hearts had 
spotted Johnny and Ragna. They leapt into action, striking down foes left and right! The tables had tuned against the Silent Whispers, 
and Johnny and Jacques unleashed the magics that they had uncovered upon their hapless foes. Ragna slew those who approached his weaker 
allies, and stood as a mighty bulwark. All throughout, however, the devious dancer flipped and twirled, wreaking havoc. It was then that
Darrell chanced upon a wicked scheme and told the dancer that the slayer of her sister, Poison Katie, was none other than the barbarian
woman before her. Overcome with rage, the dancer focused her attacks on the barbarian as Darrell made his escape, although not without 
company. Relenting to Johnny's diplomatic words, the dwarven Whisper chased down the former bandit leader, intending to at remain true 
to his original mission. 
As the battle raged, the dancer's allies fell or fled one by one until only she remained, blinded by rage. When at last she saw her ruin,
she attempted to fell as well, but evil could not escape Mira's righteous wrath. Hefting her blade above her head, she brought it down on
the coward, cleaving off her head and arm. The dancer fell, dead, and her weapon claimed, to prevent it from returning into the arsenal
of the Silent Whispers.  The last of the Whispers to survive, a muscle-bound orc, saw his companions fall, and knew in his heart of hearts
that he had pursued evil and now was the time for punishment. Attempting to gain final redemption, he whispered a final secret to the 
interpred four, that a missing knight, Perinnet the resolute, was actually serving the same dread master as the Silent Whispers!
Realizing their position, the four heroes attempted to leave the crime ridden area (that they would later learn was known as the Unders) 
when they were stopped by a guard patrol. One was suspicous, but his older partner, no doubt realizing the saints that stood before him,
let them pass.
Soon they would encounter Bannard Cayne, the apothecary rebel, who lauded the brave adventureres for crushing more serpents of the Dominion.
In truth, the dancer, Elita Dar, had been treacherously worming her way into the rebellion's bosom, but by the glorious decree of the fates,
her evil schemes were not to come to pass. In gratitude, Bannard would offer the weary travellers with a place of respite, the PaleHoney Oasis.
At this time, the noble band would finally have a name for themselves, a name that would one day echo across the land, the Insurgent Six.

But what of the other two wayward adventurers? Lost in the unders, it seemed that their luck had run out when they were set upon by a gang
of bloodthirsty cuthroats and pickpockets. They steeled themselves against, knowing that their righteousness would enable them to prevail
against odds that others would despair at. Luckily for the thugs, such a fight did not come to pass. The coward Felix Darrow, no doubt still
fleeing from justice that was swift approaching, came to offer employment to the gangers. Not knowing that their employer was truly on his
last legs they agreed, and he paid them off with not only his gold, but gold that he had also underhandedly stolen away from Janier.
As their hearts were filled with mercy, Janier and Fuschia were to let him leave, and he slunk away into the night, fearing their gaze.
Soon afterwards, the party would rejoin and be brought back to full strength. ALthough their oasis was next to a place of sin and debauchery,
with purity in their hearts, the heroes paid it no mind. The only things that they wanted for were virtue and justice.
The next morning, knowing the foes that they would face, these noble souls set out to obtain arms and armor more befitting of the tasks
ahead. Entering a most ununusual shop, the party would meet with Dwarven merchant Stamerson. Proudly would he show them what he had for 
sale for champions such as they. So astounded was he that he offered them his greatest item, a set of dwarven mail, impervious to harm.
But our brave heroes could not deprive the merchant of his most prized possession, and instead told the dwarf that they would undertake
a boon for him. To rid his homeland of the pirates that bedeviled it. They would not leave the dwarven merchant empty-handed though. Sensing
a dark aura from a sword hidden away in the bowels of his shop, Ragna heroically volunteered to carry the cursed weapon to spare others 
from its malevolent influence.
Alas, the machinations of their shadowy foes were well in motion. No sooner had they departed from Stamerson than they were set upon by
a compromised member of the watch. A semmingly noble captain named Christopher Sighorn. Indeed, the man's noble facade concealed a wicked 
core, one that was known the Mira as she had caught him swindling his fellows. Alas. despite attempts for him to heed his duties as a 
Creserate Sentinel, the groups soon came to blows. With a mighty blow, Mira felled yet another wayward soul, and the others aided in 
scattering his motlet entourage. Janier would seek for clues among his clothing and armor , but alas, would find nought of value. It was 
then that the second layer of the trap was sprung. Although they had acted pure and true, Sighorn was still a respected member of the 
Sentinels and those that saw his death wrongly condemned the Insurgent Six.


Forced to flee from the the deceived justices, the Insurgent Six were seperated once more. Janier and Fuschia were lost in the crowd, whilst
Johnny, Ragna, Mira and Jacques managed to reach the abode of Bannard Cayne. Wishing to clear their names so that people would know the 
truth, they devised a great plan with Cayne's aid. He would call upon the services of a trusted Sentinel, Isadorae, and with her help, the
Insurgent Six would seek audience with the prince of the noble city of Janno. 
Prince Biero was a wise man, and saw that those before him were not villains, but heroes of the highest caliber. He set upon them a task
that he knew that they could complete with ease despite how it had confounded his own men. The Insurgent Six would seek out and save the
farmers that had been stolen away from their land. Remembering their promise with the humble Samson, our heroes agreed without hesitation,
as this they knew was righteousness. To aid them in their journey, Prince Biero sent Shydon Garamonde, the Tory tracker that had helped
them prior, to guide them to where the captured farmers were last seen.
Verily they entered the dark forest, their hearts alight with the flames of justice. With arcane knowledge known only to him, Jacques took
the form of a wise owl, and sook council amongst the noble avians of the trees. With their aid, he discovered the kidnappers location, 
and he made haste to his companions so that they might bring holy justice upon them. It would not be long before the Insurgent Six
came upon the foul bandits, and found that once more it was the vile Felix Darrow who was behind such atrocity. He attempted to trick
them with honeyed words, but they saw through his feeble deception. As Johnny made the villain think that he had them placated, they sprung
an ambush of their own, and once more routed the Brashers and rescued their two captives. Alas, Darrow's craven soul had forewarned him
of his doom, and he managed to make his escape once more by sacrificing his fellows.
Thinking only of the farmers' safety, the Insurgent Six bade Garamond take them to safety, forsaking his help so that they may arrive 
hale and hearty to their homesteads. Tracking Darrow, they came to the port town of Astia where they would soon come upon a familiar face,
Marla from the doomed town of Armden. Fearing for her safety in this den of thieves and murderers, they took it upon themselves to be her
aegis. The Inn had been seized by soldiers, so to rest for the night the heroic band took refuge in the innkeep's own room. But this night
was not to be silent. Instead bounty hunters, overcome with greed for a price that had been set in falsehood came for their heads. Wielding
a flaming sword and sleeping darts, Accia and her band attacked the Insurgent Six. They struck back, and a great fight broke out in the
small chambers. But tight as the quarters may have been, the fighting was no less furious. Blows rained down upon bodies that could barely 
move, darts flew through the air, but at the end, none of the bounty hunters still stood, and the flaming sword had been cleaved in twain.


The town was no longer safe, this our heroes knew, so they retreated to a barn on the outskirts of town. There they would reunite with one
of their missing allies, the ranger Janier who was pursued by a dark elf. The fightng was brief, and in the end a treacherous trap was 
sprung on unwary Johnny, carrying him away from his allies. They looked for him for as long as it was safe, but could not find him.
With heavy heart they moved on, confident that his cunning would carry him through the day and reunite him with them.
Making their way to the mines where Marla had heard rumors that the captive farmers had been taken, the remaining Insurgent Six soon made
contact with a captive named Kinton. He nobly offered what information he could, but they were soon forced to flee less they be spotted by
the foreman, who would no doubt spirit away the captives before they could be freed.
When at last they emerged from the dark mines, they encountered difficulty once more. A misguided paladin and his band were there to slay them,
having been deceived into thinking that they had been the ones to set Armden ablaze. Alas, the misconception was not able to be cleared,
and with heavy heart the two groups launced into battle. The tragic circumstance led to the death of noble Ser Heartsmure, and then,
when the deception was made known to Zydia Wyndil, to make amends she used the rest of her life to heal the party of the wounds that
her companions had inflicted upon them. The last of their party, Oracle Xantusk was so overcome with guilt that he offered the rest of 
his items to the group. He would not take their refusal for an answer, and Jacques took custody of his staff.
 
 
Johnny awoke to find himself far away from his companions, and realized the nature of his trap. However, he knew that they would be safe,
and thought to himself how he would regroup with them. It would be now that he would see goblinoids carting away orbs, th very same orbs
that his companions had been forced to leave in the gnomish hollow. His investigation was cut short when he was spotted by their taskmaster,
and although he managed to deceive the cruel thing, he was forced to flee. Making his way through the forest like a ghost, he came upon
Garamonde once more and told him not only of the trap, but of the creatures' doing as well. The two agreed that it was of import, but 
also decided that the safety of the captured farmers came first for now. After all, what use was a land saved if there was no one to populate
it? Johnny nobly made his way back to Astia where he encountered Marla once more. Explaining what had happened to him, and later scaring
off a thug who dared harass her, the two decided that they would see if the others had gone back to the barn where they had rested prior.
It was at this selfsame barn that the others were indeed resting. Jacques had cleverly decided to warn a mapmaker away. Even if the 
cartographer was true, his proximity might land him in danger, so he had to be made to leave.
The heroes reunited, but any celebration had to be put on hold , for Marla had heard tidings that the slaves were soon to be shipped out.
Making their way to the docks, the Insurgent Six met with the dastardly Felix Darrow once more. He held villagers captive against a far
cliff face and set one of his men to incite doom upon them, hoping to distract the noble heroes. But he had not counted on their ingenuity.
Jacques took the form of a fierce falcon, and attacked the messenger of doom, driving him away from his intended targets. Ragna and Mira
made short work of Darrow's bodyguards while Johnny and Janier freed his prisoners. Darrow had been clever enough to hide some of his own
men amongst the farmers, but when they saw the carnage they would enter, the craven men fled. Seeing his men cut down left and right,
Darrow sought to escape once more. He ran to the docks, with our heroes in hot pursuit.
Jacques, still in the form of a bird of prey, was the fastest, but alas, Darrow had alcemical tricks up his sleeves and engulfed him in
an explosion. Hurt and dazed, Jacques was flung back into his human form as his allies closed the distance. At the docks, Janier made to swim
and cut Darrow off in his escape while the others chased from behind. Johnny roused the spirits of the captive farmers, reminding them
of their homeland and spurring them to take up arms. Darrow was chased down by Ragna, when he loosed another of his infernal traps.
Explosive caltrops took out a large portion of the docks, and sent all except Janier into the cold waters. Johnny and Jacques were knocked
unconscious, making their caring allies divert to bring them to shore. Janier too was occupied. A black knight was amongst the gaolers,
and althought the farmers had overcome their simpler guards, this blackguard cleaved though them easily. For a while, it seemed that 
Darrow would escape again, but with inhuman finesse, Janier sent an arrow straight through the villain's skull, killing him once and for all.
This left but the knight, and it seemed that doom was still certain... but then came Mira rising from the depths. Taking alchemical
concoctions from the body of Darrow, she used the knight's ally's weapons against him, melting the knight's armor and ultimately killing him,
even at the cost to herself.
When the knight fell, so too did the enemy's hope. Launching herself into the sea, Janier forced the ship carrying captive farmers to stop 
and turn around for the harbor. It was there that they met Marla once more, who had rallied the humble harbormen into helping. Although
they were too late to join the battle, they agreed to sail to Janno to return the farmers to their home.
The journey back was uneventful for most, although Mira still did not awake. Exception was Ragna, who encountered one of his father's old
friends and learnt from him that his cursed sword had once belonged to his father as well. Eventually, they pulled into Janno's harbor, but
instead of the hero's welcome they richly deserved, the Crescerate Sentinels awaited with warrants for their arrest.


